the Israeli military says it's
mistakenly shot and killed three
captives during its Gaza offensive they
were targeted after troops wrongly
identified them as a threat Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says
the military will draw lessons from the
incident the White House has called it a
tragic
[Music]
mistake well relatives of the captives
and their supporters have been
protesting in Tel Aviv they demonstrated
at the Israeli defense Ministry
demanding the government do more to free
the remaining captives and calling on
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to
resign he is responsible for everything
that is happening that happened and and
is still happening he has blood a lot of
blood on his hands and he should resign
now and let people that are responsible
and care and care for this country
unlike him to take over and and get this
war over with and get of all the
kidnapped people back home now deal
should have been made much much
earlier and all those lives
of of all the innocent people could have
been spared I think it's a big tragedy
what's happening here
now let's bring in our correspondent
Alan fiser he's joining us live from
occupied East Jerusalem and Allan
families of captives and their
supporters planning to keep up the
pressure on the government with more
protests on Saturday
well you saw the reaction from people
and that was a spontaneous response
almost every single one of them could
put their theirself in the places of the
family of the three who had been killed
thinking that their loved ones were so
close to being rescued to being taken
out of Gaza and then they were killed by
their own side now the Israeli Army say
that it's unclear how the three ended up
being separated how they were there how
they had been held
in in Gaza whether or not they had
escaped or they had been abandoned by
the people who were holding them but as
they made their way towards Israeli
forces the Israeli forces were concerned
because they' come under attack from a
number of Hamas Fighters they said that
some of them had even been wearing
suicide belts and so that is why they
took the action that they took Benjamin
Netanyahu has called it a tragedy and
heartbreaking he said lessons will be
learned but the families are saying this
is just another example of why there
should be a definite plan to try and get
more of the captives out of Gaza and in
fact at 12:00 local time here which is
what in in two and a half hours in Tel
Aviv they will be holding a special uh
news conference essentially because of
what has happened because as I say
almost every single one of them can put
themselves in the place of the family
who were hoping for good news and then
ended up hearing the worst possible news
from the Israelis who had actually been
responsible for their death as well and
amid this development Alan there are
reports that the head of the Israeli
intelligence agency is due to restart
negotiations to release more
captives well this seems like a big
U-turn from Benjamin Netanyahu and
perhaps it is the the possibility that
these demonstrations on the streets are
getting to him that he understands the
depth of anger the families have
complained that they are being ignored
and every time they speak it's clearly
picked up by the Israeli military but
the war cabinet had decided earlier this
week that they weren't going to restart
talks they weren't going to send the
head of mosad to Qatar Benjamin
Netanyahu is one of the two who was dead
set against that their idea was that if
they continue to put military pressure
on Hamas it would improve their
negotiating position clearly the events
of the last 24 hours has changed the
calculus on that and now Benjamin
Netanyahu as I say has u-turned and
decided that the head of mosad should go
to Qatar now that's expected to happen
in the next 24 hours he will arrive in
Doha he will speak to the Qatari prime
minister and discuss the possibility of
restarting negotiations to perhaps be a
ceasefire which would lead to the
exchange of prisoners which of course we
saw during the last time there was a
ceasefire but it's clear that the
pressure that has been put on by the
families in the streets of Tel Aviv and
through the media in Israel is actually
getting to Benjamin Netanyahu there's a
possibility of course that these events
could be unrelated but it's a heck of a
coincidence that after this spontaneous
protest and the death of of three at the
hands of the Israelis that Benjamin
Netanyahu would do this quite dramatic
uturn Alam thank you very much for that
that's our correspondent Alan fiser live
in occupied East Jerusalem